Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I want Michael Knight!
He's standing between us
and Devon and April.
Goliath is invulnerable.
If you please me,
I may have you spared.
Please,
he can't hurt you now!
Devon Miles must die.
Who are you?
Where's my uncle?
Michael, we're out of control.
Reverse turbo!
Malfunction.
Knight Rider, a shadowy flight
into the dangerous world
of a man
who does not exist.
Michael Knight, a young loner
on a crusade to champion
the cause of the innocent,
the helpless, the powerless,
in a world of criminals
who operate above the law.
Let's go! Come on! Let's go!
Push!
What's that noise?
What's going on here?
I don't know what that is?
Is that an
airplane or what? I don't know.
Get your
hands off me, man. Come on!
All right, KITT,
let's try April's new device.
Michael, I have
serious reservations
about this.
Hang on, buddy,
and get ready to
make like a bird.
Michael, the release mechanism
is malfunctioning.
Abort! Abort!
That's just too close
for comfort.
You can say that again.
Looks like it's back
to the drawing board, huh?
I'll have it
fixed in 15 minutes.
Take a half an hour.
Just make sure
it's perfect, okay?
Better yet, take an hour.
Will you relax?
I know what I'm doing.
And I know what I'm not doing.
What's that, KITT?
I'm not going
near another cliff.
Teetering on the edge
of oblivion
has spoiled my appetite
for heights.
Don't worry, KITT.
There's been a change
in the menu.
It's canapes and croissants
for the next few days.
I assume you've both heard
of Dr. Klaus Bergstrom.
Who hasn't?
His research
in satellite laser technology
has revolutionized the field.
Well, Dr. Bergstrom
is visiting from Sweden
to attend
an international symposium
on the peaceful application
of the technology.
A great number of
people, including his wife,
are deeply concerned
for his well-being.
There are governments who would use
his knowledge for other purposes.
From what I've heard, his
well-being isn't a problem.
Meaning?
What is Swedish
for "life in the fast lane"?
Enough.
We've been asked to help.
Wait a minute.
Einstein or not, I'm not interested
in playing baby-sitter to...
It's not a question
of baby-sitting.
We've been asked to help
Dr. Bergstrom's stay
to be pleasant
and as uneventful as possible.
His niece, by the way,
is with him.
You could show them
the sights.
The sights? I'm... I'm
a terrible tour guide.
I... I always get lost.
Only when you want to.
The Foundation
is hosting a reception
for Dr. Bergstrom
at 3:00 sharp.
And please, see that
you are dressed appropriately.
A scientist and his niece
from Sweden.
What am I going to say to a
scientist and his niece from Sweden?
I don't... I don't know
even know a word of Swedish.
Neither do I.
My father's Swedish,
my mother's American.
And I was born here
in the States.
Actually, I lied.
I can say ja,
but that's about it.
Thank you.
Ah, luckily, there's not
a lot of call for Swedish
in behavioral psych
these days.
You can't be a psychologist.
You don't have a beard.
Oh, that's because
I just graduated.
The beard grows in later.
Oh!
You know, with your uncle
going to all these meetings,
seems like you're gonna have
lots of free time on your hands.
Oh, for the first time
in my life.
You know, I just graduated
two weeks ago
and, uh, suddenly,
I'm a free woman.
Any idea what I can do
with all this independence?
Well...
Ah, careful, Christina.
He's a terrible tour guide.
He always gets lost.
No, that's not true.
I know the city
like the back of my hand.
That's a remarkable improvement,
Michael, in less than an hour.
I see you've met Christina.
This is her uncle,
Dr. Klaus Bergstrom.
Michael Knight.
I'm so pleased
to meet you, Michael.
It's nice
to meet you, Doctor.
Excuse me, Mr. Miles.
Excuse me,
I'll be back in a moment.
A moment is all I need.
Once this affair breaks up,
where does, um,
a bashful Swede go
to see the sights?
Well, that depends on what kind
of sights you're looking for.
That is simple.
The kind that a travel agent
would not think
of recommending.
Uncle Klaus, you promised.
Research, Christina.
After all, America
is a fascinating country.
I must study it
in detail, yes?
Yes, I understand.
Keep me informed
on any further developments.
Thank you.
I must speak with you
immediately. Alone.
Do excuse us, please.
Garthe Knight
has escaped from prison.
Escaped?
Yes.
How?
So far,
the only detail we have
is that a massive truck broke
through the prison walls.
It's Goliath.
I'm afraid so.
But how?
Such passion.
Is it me you love,
or freedom?
Only a fool
would answer that question.
You have exquisite tastes,
Adrianne.
How much is this costing me?
I broke you out of prison.
Don't talk to me
about dollars and cents.
Goliath broke me
out of prison.
And I rebuilt Goliath.
Resurrected him from a
burnt-out shell in the desert.
Just as I directed this
project from the beginning.
Never forget that.
The dungeon.
Is it as I requested?
Exactly.
Good.
What about the other?
Look for yourself.
Dr. Moritz completed the tertiary
state of reconstruction yesterday.
You'll be very pleased.
Everything is going exactly
as I promised it would.
Even Goliath's weaknesses
have been eliminated.
He's completely
invulnerable now.
Fantastic.
And the biodata implant?
In place and
functioning beautifully.
Much like the IV apparatus
introduces medicine
drop by drop
into the bloodstream,
the biodata unit is slowly
programming the patient's brain
with every detail of the
subject's life and personality.
Second by second,
24 hours a day.
The only information
it doesn't have, though,
is what's happened
in the last 24 hours.
When do the bandages
come off?
Tomorrow.
You see, Garthe,
everything is under control.
And on schedule.
No, not quite everything.
There's still one crucial
matter I have to attend to.
Later. You can
take care of that later.
Actually, I first went
online in a mainframe in Washington,
but the government bureaucracy
never suited me. Too stuffy.
I know exactly
what you mean!
I have spent half my life
with dried-out bureaucrats
who have dust in their veins
instead of blood.
I'm much happier
at the Foundation.
Of course, I still have
to deal with human beings.
Well, you're not exactly a cold
beer on a hot day either, pal.
Moody, temperamental,
and almost no sense of humor.
I beg your pardon,
I have a highly developed
sense of humor.
For example
have you heard
the one about the man
who walked into
the bar with a horse?
Ah, later.
We're here.
And not a moment too soon.
Christina.
Good night, KITT.
Perhaps a fast game
of chess before I leave?
I'd be delighted.
There are still
642 variations
of the Stravinchy defense
I'd like to try.
And afterwards,
we could discuss your work
in laser technology.
I would be delighted.
Are you all right?
Yes. Yes, I think so.
I think we'd better
put some ice on it.
Ice? I was just going to ask,
uh, Michael to join us for dinner.
Uncle Klaus,
Michael probably has plans.
No, I don't.
Nothing special.
Consider me yours.
That is the spirit.
I love America already.
Now, where is a really good
restaurant and nightclub?
How does
Chez Room Service sound?
Room service?
Christina...
Uncle Klaus,
I'm going to take care of you
and your ankle,
whether you like it or not.
All right.
Foundation for Law and
Government, may I help you?
What was that?
We meet again.
So, this is
what it's like.
What?
The big city.
The real world.
You know, I've been so busy
going to school,
I really haven't had a
chance to see much of it.
Well, you've got lots
to look forward to
and a lot of time to look.
That's one of the reasons
why I came with Uncle Klaus.
You know, I'm thinking
of moving out here this fall.
Away from home
and the family,
and everything that's been so
secure and dependable for so long.
I think what you need
is an experienced tour guide.
Sounds wonderful.
Got anybody in mind?
Me.
That sounds wonderful, too.
When?
How about tomorrow?
Perfect. What time?
I'll check Devon's schedule
and I'll give you a call.
Okay.
Bye.
I want Michael Knight!
If you think
I'll give you any information
about Michael,
you're mistaken.
This madness
will never succeed.
As always,
you underestimate me.
Our last encounter
wasn't a defeat,
it was merely
a temporary setback.
I will succeed this time.
It is my destiny.
Your destiny
is self-destruction.
Destruction, yes.
But Michael Knight's,
not mine.
And you
and you
will be the instruments.
Get up.
You're coming with me.
Both of you.
Why? What possible purpose
could it...
Move!
You seem pleased.
I am.
Was it the food
or the company?
Both.
Hey, what's with
the third degree, anyway?
Just checking.
My sensors indicate
some interesting
biochemical activity
in your body.
Not related to digestion,
I might add.
Meaning?
You tell me.
Either you had a scintillating
conversation with Dr. Klaus Bergstrom,
or you and Christina
found something to chat about.
Well, take a wild guess,
buddy.
Advanced human psychology?
That's strange.
The Foundation's gates
are open.
Yes. And I get no response
from security.
Something's wrong, Michael.
Just what I was thinking, pal.
Oh, no.
April!
Kathy, you all right?
What happened?
They forced their way in.
Michael,
he took Devon and April.
He?
Who are you talking about?
Garthe.
Hello.
Adrianne Margeaux.
I'm so pleased you remember,
but so disappointed that
Michael Knight isn't with you.
I thought you
were in prison.
Prison? Perish the thought.
I have the best lawyers
that money can buy.
And they bought the best judge
Isn't it fascinating the
friends that we have in common?
Such a small world.
Garthe Knight is no friend.
Even you should know that.
Poor Garthe.
People say such
nasty things about him.
But such good things
about Michael Knight.
I'm beginning to wonder if
he's really flesh and blood.
I look forward to
finding out for myself.
Allow me to show you
to your room.
I do hope
the bath towels match.
Lovely, isn't it?
Don't worry,
this room's reserved for
a very, very special guest.
With luck,
he'll be here soon.
For your sake,
I hope he is.
I've been all through
the Foundation.
He didn't leave a clue.
Nothing.
Perhaps the police
will find something.
Yeah, well, perhaps
isn't good enough.
If not inside,
then maybe outside.
Look, scan the entire area.
Look for anything,
no matter how small,
no matter how insignificant.
Right away, Michael.
I'm afraid there's nothing.
Wait a minute.
What's that?
What?
There appears to be drops
of radiator coolant
on the driveway.
Enough to follow?
I'm not sure.
It depends upon
how consistent the drops are,
the amount of liquid,
the weather conditions...
Devon and April's lives
may hang in the balance, KITT.
How're we doing, buddy?
Still on the trail?
The drops are
remarkably consistent.
Good. We can use
every break we can get.
You know, it's hard to believe
Garthe succeeded
in breaking out of prison.
Not with Goliath, it isn't.
Did you say Goliath?
Yeah,
I thought I'd mentioned that.
You certainly did not.
Michael, I thought
we destroyed that monster.
I thought we did, too.
Somehow, some way,
somebody put the pieces
back together again.
Who could have done
such a terrible thing?
It's a good question.
Who and why?
Garthe hates me,
but he's also very greedy
for money and power.
Whatever he's up to, it's much
more than a personal vendetta.
The question is
what's he after this time?
I want it all.
A new life.
A new future.
Most of all, revenge.
You have your life.
And before long, your future
is gonna be assured.
Forget this childish revenge.
Never.
Nothing means anything
without it.
Then you're a fool.
You're not going to
jeopardize this project
because of it.
I won't allow it.
How intriguing.
I hadn't really
appreciated the extent
of your interest
in Michael Knight.
My interest in Michael Knight
is none of your business.
Oh, but it is.
You see, you want him alive,
and I want him dead.
Now, one of us is going
to be terribly disappointed.
Excuse me.
Yes? Good.
Send him in.
He's ready.
Good afternoon.
Someone's coming.
Good morning.
Breakfast will
be along shortly.
Doing your morning
calisthenics, I see?
I beg your pardon?
Someone's been standing
on the bed.
I'd hate to think that
you were trying to escape.
He doesn't have the will
or the imagination.
You, on the other hand,
have something very special.
Beauty, elegance, and grace.
Leave her alone.
You remind me
of a filly I once owned.
Beautiful, spirited,
free, and wild.
It took me two weeks
to break her.
And I enjoyed
every minute of it.
You disgust me.
Now, now, Garthe.
Your fangs are showing.
I hate to
dash your hopes,
but this is not
a purely social visit.
There's someone that
I'd like you to see. Doctor.
Klaus! Are you all right?
Did they hurt you?
I am fine.
Bravo!
Congratulations!
Thank you.
Good day.
What have you done to him?
Oh, nothing that a little
corrective surgery won't remedy.
You see,
this was not Klaus Bergstrom.
A rather good imitation,
don't you think?
Michael
Knight, please. I see.
No, it's not important.
Can you please tell him
Christina called?
Thank you.
That's strange.
He said he'd call.
Where do you suppose
he could be?
Hmm?
Uncle Klaus?
Yes.
Look at you. A man of your
intelligence, your vision,
you come to America to enlighten
the world on laser technology,
and before I know it, you're
like every other American male.
Glued to the television set
watching football.
What an incredible game.
These Americans are crazy!
Have you ever watched them
play football?
It's got you hooked,
Uncle Klaus.
Not really.
Hmm.
Christina, what is wrong?
Nothing.
There's no football now.
So what is wrong?
Michael said
he'd call this morning
and, uh, I can't reach him
at the Foundation.
He likes you.
I'm not...
That's not
what I'm concerned about.
It sounds to me
like something
has got you hooked, too.
Ah-ha-ha.
You were going shopping.
So go.
If he calls, I will tell him
that you're out
with a very handsome young man
who adores you.
Oh, don't you dare.
... ball, second and 13.
And here comes the snap.
Here goes Thorpe through
the left side of the line.
He's down to the 19, down to
the 20, down to the 24-yard line.
Christina, how is he
supposed to miss you
if you never go away?
Hello, Dr. Bergstrom.
The spots seem to be
increasing in size, Michael.
They turned off that road.
We may be
getting somewhere, pal.
You don't suppose
this could be a trap,
do you, Michael?
KITT, with
Garthe, anything's possible.
Is that also true of Goliath?
What do you mean?
Is it possible he's a new
and improved model?
You're hesitating.
Well, to hesitate is human.
I thought, "To err is human. "
Both are.
And now you're stalling.
All right, KITT,
it's possible.
Yeah, it's very possible.
You all right?
That depends upon
how one defines "all right. "
Now you're stalling.
Okay, no. I'm not all right.
The thought
of meeting Goliath again
is quite unsettling.
Join the club, pal.
Join the club.
Thank you, I'd rather not.
I'd like
to leave my room key.
Of course.
Excuse me, please. Aren't
you Dr. Bergstrom's niece?
Yes.
Oh. He is so handsome.
He just walked
through the lobby
and none of the girls behind
the desk could stop staring.
You just saw my uncle?
Yeah. A few minutes ago.
On his way out?
No. I think he was returning
to his room.
Uncle Klaus.
What is it, Christina?
Were you just downstairs?
If I was, then I'm more
of a genius than they say.
Being in two places
at the same time
is quite a...
quite a feat.
And, uh, depending
on the circumstances,
it could be quite a treat.
Well, I just had
the strangest experience.
There was a man getting
on the elevator
that looked so much
like Michael.
Ah. Except for a mustache.
I thought you were supposed
to be looking after me.
Well...
Hmm?
You are terrible.
All right, I'll ask.
Did he?
My mind is on
a thousand things, Christina.
Uh, I don't know what
you're talking about here.
Football?
I'm talking about Michael
and you know it.
Ah.
Michael! Well, why didn't
you say so?
Well, did he call?
No.
Oh.
You're awfully quiet.
Still thinking about Goliath?
I'm used to worrying about you.
I expect to worry about you.
But Devon and April...
I feel so helpless.
Well, consider it
a temporary situation
'cause we're gonna find them.
Michael, look!
Give me a reading real quick.
Is that Devon and April?
Those figures aren't human.
They're wearing Devon's
and April's clothing,
but their bodies
are made of polyurethane.
Mannequins.
Looks like we've
been led on a wild-goose chase.
I'm afraid
it's more than that, Michael.
I'm sinking.
Get out of here. Fast!
Michael,
traction is impossible.
I'm sinking deeper.
All right,
let's try your grappling hook.
Michael, is this it?
The big adios?
All right, hang on, buddy.
Here we go.
Okay, try it!
Easy. Easy.
Come on.
Come on, baby.
All right.
I wonder whether Garthe
expected us to go under
or if this was
just designed to buy time.
Time for what?
I don't know, KITT.
I'll feel a lot
better when I do.
I'll get it.
Hello.
Yes.
Is it Michael?
Uh-huh. I'll tell him.
Thank you.
That was Mr. Andrews.
And he wanted me to tell you that the
press conference has been finalized.
I hate press conferences.
The thing I'm going
to miss the most
when I get back
to Sweden is football.
Especially
the beer commercials.
I don't know
which is more violent,
the game or the commercials.
Where're you going?
To get a beer, of course.
It's un-American
to watch football
and not drink beer.
Y-Your ankle!
What?
Well, your ankle,
you twisted it yesterday,
don't you remember?
Of course I remember.
But it is much better.
Devon.
As if this wasn't
already difficult enough.
A visitor.
What have you
done to him?
Oh, nothing
time won't cure.
His pulse is strong.
Oh, he's too valuable
to injure. Unlike you.
Too valuable?
What do you intend
to do with him?
Sell him on the open market
to the highest bidder?
Close.
Except the bidding is over.
Now it's only a matter of
delivering the goods on time.
How's the great escape
coming, huh?
Tedious work.
Believe me, I know.
He's coming to.
What's that smell?
It's chloroform.
You think it's possible
to duplicate a man so closely
that he won't
be exposed as a fraud?
At home, among family
and friends, I'd say no.
But here it's possible.
Even Christina
doesn't know him that well.
The trap didn't work.
Michael Knight escaped.
It's all right.
A temporary setback.
I prefer to take him
with Goliath, anyway.
What about the sub?
I've made contact.
Pickup is still tomorrow
at 1500 hours.
Terrific.
So, the elusive Michael Knight
is at large.
Too bad.
In the meantime,
have any ideas
about how to pass
a quiet afternoon?
Michael, Kathy is
calling from the Foundation.
Hello, Kathy.
Hello, Michael. Any luck?
Well, I thought I had a lead,
but it turned out
to be a dead end.
Anything from the police?
Nothing so far.
Christina's been calling.
Yeah, we'd made plans.
I'll call her when I get back.
The last time she
called she sounded frightened.
She said it was urgent.
All right,
I better check it out.
Bye.
Hope Christina's all right.
Why wouldn't she be?
I don't know.
Just a bad feeling.
I'm sorry.
I'm just so confused.
It's all right.
What's wrong?
Uncle Klaus.
I know this
is gonna sound crazy.
But it's like
he's not the same person.
He's not the same person.
What do you mean?
Something happen?
Nothing big.
Just little things.
Do you remember
when he twisted his ankle?
Well, he's been walking around the
hotel room as if nothing's wrong.
And then when
I asked him about it,
he just looked at me as if he
didn't know what I was talking about.
Michael,
do you think I'm crazy?
Yesterday I would've said yes.
Today I'm not so sure.
Come on.
Ah! You found him.
Yes, finally.
Hello, Doctor.
Michael.
Going dancing?
Oh, no,
press conference tomorrow.
The last one
I attended in Stockholm
the reporters
paid more attention
to the hole
in my shoe than my work.
This time
I am ready for them.
Will you care
to join us for dinner?
I have been invited by the
International Laser Optics Society.
It's very boring, but they say
the food is magnificent.
I've got a few things to take
care of. But thanks, anyway.
I just stopped by
to say hello.
Thank you.
Oh, yeah, those tickets I
mentioned, to Disneyland,
I can't get them
until next week. I'm sorry.
Oh, that is too bad.
Well, perhaps next time.
Hmm?
Walk me down.
I don't know
who that man is in there,
but it's not Klaus Bergstrom.
I never mentioned anything
about Disneyland to your uncle.
Michael, where's my uncle?
What is...
KITT, tap into
the hotel phone system.
I want to see if a call
goes out from room 1525.
Right away, Michael.
Christina, listen to me.
Devon and April
have disappeared.
Now, I think
there's some connection.
I hate to ask you
to do this.
What?
We can't afford to let
them know we're onto them.
Yeah, KITT, what is it?
A call is going out, Michael.
Trace it.
I'll get right back to you.
I can't ask you to
go back in there.
I know
what you're gonna say.
If they know
that we know...
Not bad for
a small-town girl.
Now, they think
they've got us fooled.
I want to keep it that way.
But it's up to you.
I won't pretend I have
any idea what's going on.
All I know is
Uncle Klaus is in danger.
And I trust you.
So, if you think
it's important, I'll do it.
Don't worry
about the big city,
you're gonna do just fine.
You be careful.
I need an
address on that number, pal.
It's a hi-com
unlisted number, Michael.
I'll have to go to the heart of
the phone company's computers.
Go for it.
I have the address, Michael.
Plot me the
fastest route, KITT.
Get me Mr. Knight, quick.
Michael, I'm picking
up something quite strange.
All right, let's have a look.
Bingo.
Bingo indeed. It's Goliath.
At least we know
we're on the right track.
How far away is he?
2.3 miles and closing fast.
Speed?
120 and accelerating.
Michael, surely you're not
thinking of confrontation?
I'd rather avoid one,
but he's standing between us
and Devon and April.
All right,
scan for the weak spots.
Michael, they've been repaired.
Goliath is invulnerable.
Michael, what's our plan?
We do have a plan, don't we?
Give me a visual on the road.
At present rate of
speed, we'll meet about here.
What's that to the
left of the road up there?
A cliff. Over
300 feet straight down.
All right.
Hang on, pal.
He's got the size,
but we've got
the maneuverability.
Right now I'd trade.
Michael, we're out of control.
Reverse turbo!
Malfunction.
Michael,
what are we going to do?
Pray April fixed you.
My circuits are shorting.
Come on, baby!
Whoa!
It worked! KITT, it worked!
Thank goodness!
Get him.
Oh!
Beautiful.
I'd rather be
turned into a toaster oven
than go through this again.
I'm with you there, pal.
At least we're
still in one piece.
Whew!
All right, let's
get rid of this trash.
He's mine.
KITT, can you hear me?
Michael, is that you?
Yeah.
You okay?
No, I'm not okay.
I'm nowhere near okay.
Most of my functions
are out of order,
and I'm being treated
like a side of beef.
Where are you?
In the garage, and
it's not a pleasant experience.
I'm not exactly in
the Palace Hotel either.
Don't worry,
we'll get out of this.
I certainly hope so.
Police impound
would be preferable
to the company
I'm forced to keep now.
Hold it. Hold it.
Imagine this.
We meet again.
Surprised?
Not particularly.
Liar!
The last time we met, I
promised to take you to Africa.
To the very prison in
which I was forced to exist.
Unfortunately,
that's no longer practical.
So I did the next best thing.
I brought the prison
cell here, stone by stone.
Just for you, Michael.
Just for you.
I'm flattered.
Why don't we
just talk business?
Business?
Oh, this is business.
It might be
interesting to note,
along with the stones, I
received an unexpected bonus:
African rats.
Just like the ones
who chewed at me.
They breed quickly,
and will stop at nothing
to feed their young.
Make friends with them
if you can, Michael.
I want you to
release Devon and April.
You got me.
That's what you want,
isn't it?
Yes! But I want you to suffer
in every way imaginable.
My possession of Devon Miles
and April Curtis
causes you great anguish.
How could I possibly
deny myself that pleasure?
Guards, I'm through.
Until the rats have
all begun to breed,
sleep well,
my brother.
I want to speak
to Michael. Michael Knight.
Uh, please tell him
it's important.
Well, do you
know where he is?
I've got to talk to him.
Christina?
You startled me.
I... I thought
you were going out.
I was,
but then I realized
how little time
we have together. Sit.
Christina, is something
bothering you?
No, really, I'm... I'm fine.
If something is bothering
you, you can talk to me.
After all, we are family.
And there's no
closer bond than that.
If you can't
trust family,
then who can you trust?
April, do you know a way
to switch off this key light,
and then turn it on again?
I think a bobby pin
should do the trick.
Good.
What are
you thinking?
I'm thinking
I wish some of my old friends
from the UXB unit in England
were here now.
They learned a great deal
about bombs.
They even invented
a few of their own,
including Spies' Bread,
for instance.
Spies' Bread?
I remember that, yes.
When RAF pilots
were imprisoned in Germany,
they used to escape
by making a kind of dough
out of articles of clothing,
and then they would use
electricity to detonate it.
Shall we,
as the English say,
uh, have a go at it?
Of course, old boy.
It's rather a long shot,
but we do have
plenty of water.
What we need now
is a base.
A base. A base.
A base.
If only we still wore
those, uh, celluloid collars.
That alone
could blow us out.
Wait a minute. Aren't these
made of a similar material?
We can use this glass to shave
the stays into smaller pieces.
Good.
But we still need
the flour for the dough.
What about
the lining of your jacket?
It's made of an acrylic.
Yes, but first
we need something
that can be crushed into a
powder to create combustion.
I bought this
sweater in India.
They use malimite
for the buttons.
The malimite! The malimite
could act as an oxidizer.
There we are.
But, Michael, I don't understand
how that's gonna help.
There's no time to explain.
I want you to start
recording everything.
Are you with me?
At this point, I'll try anything.
Very good.
I love a man that can
do two things at once.
I'm glad to see I'm not the only
one that couldn't sleep tonight.
It's a pity.
I love to watch men sleep.
I like to fantasize what
they're dreaming about, or who.
Why don't you just
get to the point?
One point at a time,
Michael.
You know what
I'm talking about.
Those feelings that you get
when you dream about somebody
in the romantic sense.
Somebody you might not have
even thought about in weeks.
It puts you into a kind of
mood for the rest of the day.
Those are the kind of dreams
I've been having
about you, Michael.
Only, I've been having them
almost every night
since we last met.
It's made my mood
very strong.
Where does Garthe
fit into those moods?
He fits in a different mood.
You see,
I'm a woman of varied tastes.
It's amazing,
the resemblance
between you and Garthe.
You're like flip sides
of a coin,
opposites to the core:
one good, one evil.
I'm curious to see
which one I'll prefer.
What are you
talking about?
I'm talking about you.
Your future.
Will it be life
or death?
If it's left up
to Garthe alone,
it will be death.
Fortunately for you,
it's not up to him alone.
If you please me,
I may have you spared.
You see, once Garthe and I
conclude our project tomorrow,
I'll have more money than I
could ever possibly spend alone.
I'll need some help.
I'm sure Garthe will
give you all the help
you need in that department,
if you succeed.
Oh, we will succeed.
The question is,
will you succeed
in staying alive?
Kiss me, Michael.
Convince me that
you're worth saving.
That's nice for a start.
Goodness gracious.
Good evening, my friend.
My name's Karl.
I hear you're
a tough nut to crack.
Well, let me tell you,
I'm a tough nutcracker.
So that's the way
it's going to be.
All right,
have it your own way.
But let me warn you:
I will strip your defenses
one by one,
and in the end,
I will transplant your central
processing unit to Goliath.
I think it is time
we ended this little charade.
I was, uh, just looking for...
Some kind
of identification.
Don't bother. Everything
is in perfect order,
right down to the pretty
dollar bills from the Bahamas
your uncle keeps in
his wallet for good luck.
Who are you?
Where's my uncle?
Let's just say that I'm
part of a very complex plan.
A plan that will go smoothly,
no matter what.
It's been quite obvious
ever since this afternoon
that you had your
suspicions about me.
I think it's time we lay
our cards on the table.
What do you want from me?
Very little,
actually.
Just your smile,
your silence,
and your cooperation.
If you try to escape
or alert anyone,
your uncle will suffer.
Is that clear?
Now all we need now is something
that's conductive to electricity.
I think I will
have the mattress wire for you
in a moment.
April.
Get back.
Cover your eyes!
Ready?
Ready.
Let's go.
So, the great escape
concludes.
Neither great
nor successful.
Guards!
Well,
it was a good try.
Take them
to their room.
Take a good look.
You'll never
see them again.
Good morning.
What makes you think so?
If you'd gotten
up at a decent hour,
you'd know the submarine's
gonna be late.
It's being delayed
by an American destroyer
on maneuvers off
the international boundary.
Well, you're in
a good mood as usual.
By the way,
for your information,
I'm not responsible for the
movements of the United States Navy.
No! And you're not responsible
for Michael Knight, either.
Stay away from him.
How dare you tell me
what to do!
If it weren't for me,
you'd still be in prison,
and Goliath would still be a
burnt-out skeleton in the desert!
You give yourself way too
much credit, don't you?
I would've gotten out of
that prison without you,
one way or another.
I had a promise to keep.
What, your revenge
against Michael Knight?
It always comes back
to him, doesn't it?
My revenge is my business,
not yours.
Your hate for him is
eating away inside of you.
It makes you weak.
You disgust me.
And your lust for him
disgusts me.
It's about time
you understood
that my life does
not revolve around you.
It was my will that forced
you to break me out of prison.
It was my brilliance
that resurrected Goliath,
and it was my planning
that captured Michael Knight.
Michael. Out...
of here.
All right, Michael, what's next?
Right.
Find a "the" and splice it in
after the word "open. "
The.
I think that works, Michael.
Good. I hope
the rest of the world does.
Okay, pal.
Get ready for
the performance of your life.
Go for it.
Guards! Open the door.
I'm taking Michael
out of here.
Oh, no!
Michael! It worked!
So far.
Right now we're long on luck
and short on time.
Where's the
hydraulic switch?
On the sidewall.
You have no idea
how helpless I felt up there.
A technician named Karl
kept trying to get into my
central processing unit last night.
I had to use every ounce
of power to fight him off.
Pop the hood, KITT!
How do I look?
I think you'll live.
Looks like all Goliath did
was loosen your main circuit
distribution panel.
How's that feel?
Wonderful. I feel alive again.
Don't get carried away.
We're not out of here yet.
All right, see if you can
locate Devon and April.
They've been
moved to another room.
It has a PA system.
Good.
Jam the waves and give me a direct
two-way from their PA speaker.
Right away.
Devon, April, can you hear me?
Devon?
April, can you hear me?
Michael, where are you?
I'm in the
garage. KITT's ready to roll.
Now you sit tight. We'll find
a way to get you out of there.
No, Michael. Wait a bit.
Get Christina first.
But, Devon...
That's an order.
All right.
I'm coming back for you.
And that's a promise.
Good luck, Michael. Godspeed.
Michael, how do you
intend to get us out of here?
There's a rather
large obstacle in our way.
Give me another
30 seconds, KITT.
Michael, I detect
vehicles headed our way.
I think that's our exit line.
I'll get him!
No! Not now.
He'll come back
for his friends.
Then it'll be my turn.
Brace yourself, Michael.
Michael, I've never been
so happy to leave a place.
Yeah. It's too bad
it's only a breather.
Let's access Dr. Bergstrom's
itinerary for today, huh?
He's scheduled to attend
a press conference at 10:30.
Let's try and catch him
before he leaves the hotel.
Surely you can
do better than that.
Better than what?
Your face is frozen.
You look like a statue.
Unfortunately my major
wasn't theater arts.
I can't smile on cue.
No, but you can at least
look pleasant.
Try.
For your uncle's sake,
hmm?
Christina! Dr. Bergstrom!
I'm sorry.
I know, but I'm such
a lousy tour guide.
The least I could do is take
you to the press conference.
Thank you, but I've already
made my arrangements.
I'll bet you have.
What are you doing?
Let me go!
Give me that gun.
You okay?
Hotel Security.
What's the problem here?
This man's an imposter.
This man is a maniac!
Do something!
The real Dr. Bergstrom is
being held against his will.
Ask his niece. Tell him.
It's true.
This man isn't my uncle.
He threatened to hurt him
if I said anything.
That is a lie!
Dr. Bergstrom
doesn't own a pistol.
Here, take this.
Check the registration.
If I'm wrong,
let him go.
If I'm right,
turn him over to the police.
Come with me,
sir.
I thought you'd
forgotten about me.
Never. I got delayed.
Is Klaus all right?
He's alive.
Do psychologists pray?
I do. Why?
Make it a good one.
KITT, monitor the transmissions
from the mansion, pal.
When they make
their move with Klaus,
we want to make sure we're
there for the going-away party.
In this case, I believe
it's called party-crashing.
You okay?
You're awful quiet.
Oh, I'm sorry.
You know, I haven't even thanked you
for rescuing me from that, uh, that...
Masquerading
misanthropic Klaus clone.
Exactly.
You don't
have to thank me.
I just wanted to make sure
you'd be available for dinner
after this is all over.
If it's over.
I'm so afraid I won't be
seeing Uncle Klaus again.
You will, Christina.
If it's humanly possible,
I promise you, you will.
XL735, come in please.
What's taking so long?
I'm on approach,
due at K17 in 33 minutes.
Over.
We'll be there. Out.
It's no use, Devon.
Well, I'm afraid we've had the
only chance we're going to get.
Good afternoon.
You'll be happy
to know
you won't be spending much
more time in this cracker box.
Oh! Where are you taking us?
Nowhere.
As soon as we
remove Klaus Bergstrom,
I will
overload the circuitry.
The wires will melt down,
and the house will
burst into flames.
So will Devon Miles,
and my father's dream.
You didn't include me.
An oversight?
Oh, no, no, no.
I find you much too
appealing to destroy.
April is not one
of your trophies!
She'll do
what I want her to.
I have a right to
make my own decision!
I wanna speak to you,
alone.
April!
Devon, please.
I'm a grown woman.
Don't wait up.
So,
you want me. I'll go
with you on one condition:
that you
release Devon.
Never.
An agreeable companion is better
than an unwilling prisoner.
Oh, you'll be willing
soon enough.
In a month you'll be following
me around like a hungry puppy.
Let Devon go.
Please,
he can't hurt you now!
Nor will he ever again.
You see, Devon Miles must die.
Just as surely
as Michael Knight.
In that case,
you might as well know
what I think about you
and your destiny.
Your destiny is to never have a
woman who wants you for yourself.
To never have a man who
respects you for what you are.
Your destiny is death
and if you
don't believe me,
just go take a good look
in the mirror.
There are holes where
your eyes should be.
And behind them
there's nothing but blackness.
It's all right.
It's okay.
Michael, I'm intercepting
a transmission to the mansion
from a moving vehicle.
What kind of vehicle?
One approaching on
a course north by northwest.
All right.
Let's get an exact location.
43.5 miles
northwest of the mansion.
Wait a minute.
That's in
the middle of the ocean!
24.6 miles
from shore to be exact,
and approximately 200 feet
below the surface.
Below the surface?
A submarine!
That's how they're
moving Klaus out.
But a submarine, how can
we possibly stop them?
They've got to get your uncle
from the mansion to the sub.
That's where they're
gonna be vulnerable.
Unless they take Goliath.
Correction.
Even if they take Goliath.
It's time to leave,
Dr. Bergstrom.
Suppose I refuse to go.
What will you do then?
Force you.
Use whatever means necessary.
Michael, there
appears to be a mass exodus
from the mansion in progress.
Good.
That'll make our job easier.
Go!
Our time has come,
my giant friend.
This time there
will be no doubt.
This time we will succeed.
Garthe's
overloaded the circuitry.
We may only have minutes.
Michael, wherever
you are, please hurry.
KITT, give me a reading!
My magnetic analyzer
indicates excessive electrical current
from the communications room.
Michael, the
house is ready to explode!
Take care of her!
Michael, wait!
KITT,
I don't know where to start.
Is there a main
source I can knock out?
The breaker box on
the far wall, near the window.
Devon! April!
Where are you?
Michael, we're in here!
Michael!
We're in here!
I've never been so glad
to see anyone in my life!
Thank God you're here.
And not a moment too soon.
They've got Bergstrom.
When did
they leave?
Barely minutes ago.
They've taken him
in Goliath.
I had a feeling
they would.
Devon, I could
use your help.
The transmitters
in the communication room
are still probably
operable.
If they aren't,
I'll find a way.
You'll get your help.
Count on it.
I'm going to leave
Christina with you.
Take good care of her.
Michael, we've picked
up Goliath on the scanner.
Good.
Easy for you to say.
They've got Bergstrom, KITT.
Goliath's our last chance
to stop them.
Or their last chance to stop us.
Do you have to do that?
Why announce our presence
to the world?
Why not?
What are you afraid of?
I want the whole world
to witness my triumph.
How thoughtful.
A police escort.
You in that freight,
pull over to
the side of the road.
Get rid of him!
So cold and so ruthless.
Did I ever tell you,
you remind me of my mother?
I repeat.
Pull that freight over to
the side of the road now!
Michael, Devon's calling.
Devon!
Any luck with Gen. Maddux?
Yes. He agreed to
alert an Army reserve unit.
They're setting up a
roadblock near Comstock Road.
It better be a big one.
Goliath eats roadblocks
for breakfast.
How's Christina holding up?
Well, very well under
the circumstances.
Good luck, Michael.
Thanks.
Bring that rock truck
into position.
Move that truck in!
Here they
come! Everybody spread out!
Get into position!
Determined, aren't they?
Looks like Goliath had a little
appetizer before breakfast.
My goodness.
Michael, unlike that dinosaur,
we can't simply
push our way through.
I wouldn't dream of it, KITT.
That's not our style.
I love that feeling of power.
Absolute power.
Just as you do.
Don't touch me!
I remember when you were
waiting outside my door,
hungry for my touch,
just because
I looked like him.
Why settle for a copy when
you can have the original?
He's a copy!
Don't you forget that.
You have your chance
to finally prove that, Garthe.
He's coming.
Good. No parachute
will save him this time.
Michael, those tanks.
All right.
Yes!
Okay, KITT, get ready.
Get ready for what?
Need I remind you
Goliath is now invulnerable?
We got to get
Bergstrom out of there.
Scan the trailer
for any signs of life.
You're right, Michael.
There is someone inside.
He's right behind us.
What do you think he's doing?
He's after Dr. Bergstrom.
Michael, thank God!
Are you okay?
I think so.
Can you walk?
Yes.
It's okay. Come on.
All right, give it to me!
He's got Bergstrom!
For the moment,
dear Adrianne.
For the moment.
Let them go!
There's still time
for us to escape!
For us to escape?
I don't escape, Adrianne.
I attack.
Michael, we're headed directly
toward an
extremely steep cliff.
How's your grappling hook?
My grappling hook?
Michael, what on
earth have you in mind?
Hang on, Doctor.
This could be tricky.
It's over.
Thank God.
Who was that... that madman?
It's a long story.
Nice work, pal.
Thank you, Michael.
Let's go home, huh?
He shot it. It's gone forever.
My Ming statue.
My priceless Ming statue.
Why?
For what purpose?
Well, I think Garthe hated
anything beautiful.
Anything he
couldn't possess.
Well, I don't know,
Devon.
Maybe this
a blessing in disguise.
Now we can redecorate.
Redecorate?
What is wrong
with the way it was?
All right, Devon, another one
of your wild toga parties, huh?
That is not very funny,
Michael.
Oh! Well,
I always thought
the decor in here
was a little, well, dated.
Dated?
What do you mean dated?
Well, you know, I think the Foundation
can use a new image, you know.
Maybe brighten up the
walls here, and, uh, yeah.
We could put
a little skylight in here.
A-Absolutely not!
No skylights,
no changed images.
And if you know
what's good for you...
Just a suggestion!
I know. How about
a hot tub in the corner?
Huh.
Hey!
How was the seminar?
Oh, it was enjoyable.
But when I compare it
to the last several days,
laser technology
is very boring.
Oh! This is a list of restaurants
that KITT's recommended.
KITT's
recommending restaurants?
He must be feeling better.
I'll see you tonight.
8:00 sharp.
And he won't be late,
Christina. I'll see to it.
Thanks, KITT.
Come on, KITT,
you're making me look bad.
What do you know
about restaurants, anyway?
You'd be surprised.
I sure hope that's the
last we see of Garthe and Goliath.
So do I, Michael.
What's that?
I recorded it as a souvenir.
Oh! Oh! Oh!
That's very funny.
Yes, that's very funny.
As a matter of fact, I have a
little surprise for you, too.
Please. No cliffs.
Do you hear me?
Michael, I'm serious.
Michael.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org